Set based validation samples (#15)
AxonIQ/code-samples: set-based-validation/README.md

> # set-based-validation-axon
> A question that pops up a lot is How can I check if an account with a particular email address already exists? 
> This command side validation could be done with a small look-up table which can be queried during validation.
> 
> You can use several ways to validate the set and in this repository you can find a few of them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set Based Consistency Validation
A type of question that occurs a lot is "How can I check if an account with a particular email address already exists?". 
In essence this signals the requirement to be able to validate a set, which is a more intricate process when it comes to applications which follow the CQRS paradigm. Without going in full detail here why this is a problem, a straightforward solution is to enhance the command model by adding a small look-up table which can be queried during such a validation step.

There are several ways to invoke this set validation when using Axon, several of which are shared in this repository.
```

Reviewer: Once the blog is online, I think we should reference it in the `README.md` too. Not something to do right now of course, just sharing it as a reminder.

Prior to checking if the email address already exists you need to save all the email addresses that are used. You can do this by using an event handling component:

https://github.com/YvonneCeelie/set-based-validation-axon/blob/main/src/main/java/com/example/command/handler/AccountEventHandler.java

> You’ll need to make this processing group subscribing to update the repository in the same thread as the event has been applied. You can do that by adding this property to your application.properties file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ll need to make the `AccountEventHandler`'s processing group subscribing to be able to update the repository in the same thread that has applied the event; thus ensuring consistent updates of the set. You can achieve that by adding the following property to your `application.properties` file:
```

axon.eventhandling.processors.emailEntity.mode=subscribing

> Subscribing processors will create and maintain a projection immediately after an event has been applied and are immediately consistent. These lookup tables are always owned by the command side only and should not be exposed by using a Query API on top of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribing processors will create and maintain a projection immediately after an event has been applied and thus are immediately consistent. Moreover lookup tables like this should always be owned by the command side _only_ and as such should not be exposed through a Query API on top of it.
```

> This implementation is based on https://danielwhittaker.me/2017/10/09/handle-set-based-consistency-validation-cqrs/ 

Reviewer: Think it would be better to move this to the end of the README, in a `resources` or `references` section, essentially explaining that we base ourselves on what Daniel drafted up there, but aim to provide a more complete, code specific solution to it.

> Now that you have a lookup table you can check if the email address exists before applying the event. I implemented this in three different ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have a lookup table you can check if the email address exists before applying the event. We implemented this in three different ways:
```

1. By using a command message dispatcher which does a check on the CreateAccountCommand: https://github.com/YvonneCeelie/set-based-validation-axon/blob/main/src/main/java/com/example/command/interceptor/AccountCreationDispatchInterceptor.java
2. By using an external commandHandler that does this check for the RequestEmailChangeCommand: 
https://github.com/YvonneCeelie/set-based-validation-axon/blob/main/src/main/java/com/example/command/handler/AccountCommandHandler.java
3. By using a ParameterResolver that returns a Boolean value that returns true if the email already exists:
https://github.com/YvonneCeelie/set-based-validation-axon/blob/main/src/main/java/com/example/command/resolver/EmailAlreadyExistsResolverFactory.java
This way you can add the boolean emailAlreadyExists to the ChangeEmailAddressCommand commandhandler:

> https://github.com/YvonneCeelie/set-based-validation-axon/blob/main/src/main/java/com/example/command/aggregate/Account.java

Reviewer: The links used here should change towards the class locations on this repository.

# Set Based Consistency Validation
A type of question that occurs a lot is "How can I check if an account with a particular email address already exists?". 
In essence this signals the requirement to be able to validate a set, which is a more intricate process when it comes to applications which follow the CQRS paradigm. Without going in full detail here why this is a problem, a straightforward solution is to enhance the command model by adding a small look-up table which can be queried during such a validation step.

There are several ways to invoke this set validation when using Axon, several of which are shared in this repository.

Prior to checking if the email address already exists you need to save all the email addresses that are used. You can do this by using an event handling component:

> https://github.com/AxonIQ/code-samples/blob/set-validation/set-based-validation/src/main/java/io/axoniq/dev/samples/command/handler/AccountEventHandler.java

Reviewer 2: I think this link will bread as soon as you delete the `set-validation` branch so you can probably already use `master` as it will work after merged.

You’ll need to make the `AccountEventHandler`'s processing group subscribing to be able to update the repository in the same thread that has applied the event; thus ensuring consistent updates of the set. You can achieve that by adding the following property to your `application.properties` file:

> axon.eventhandling.processors.emailEntity.mode=subscribing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`axon.eventhandling.processors.emailEntity.mode=subscribing`
```

Subscribing processors will create and maintain a projection immediately after an event has been applied and thus are immediately consistent. Moreover lookup tables like this should always be owned by the command side _only_ and as such should not be exposed through a Query API on top of it.

Now that you have a lookup table you can check if the email address exists before applying the event. We implemented this in three different ways:

> 1. By using a command message dispatcher which does a check on the CreateAccountCommand: https://github.com/AxonIQ/code-samples/blob/set-validation/set-based-validation/src/main/java/io/axoniq/dev/samples/command/interceptor/AccountCreationDispatchInterceptor.java

Reviewer 2: We can use 'beautiful' links using `[name](url)`, ex: [CreateAccountCommand](https://github.com/AxonIQ/code-samples/blob/set-validation/set-based-validation/src/main/java/io/axoniq/dev/samples/command/interceptor/AccountCreationDispatchInterceptor.java).
IMO they look better than the current one.

ps: same is true about the link, it won't work after we delete the current branch.
